# Basic Design #
The game will have mechanics that is similar to Sonic Adventure (the chao garden), Act Raiser, and little bit of Zelda. The player controls controls a character that will focus on the raising of pets called, //IN PROGRESS// (Jekuwi?). //IN PROGRESS// can be trained and conditioned by having the player nurture them by gathering materials that can be produced into food and items. These materials will be gathered from an open world that will have enemies that drop the items and currency that you can you to improve your pets, and buy items from the stores.
One have of the game is being devoted to developing the pet system while the other have of the game we want to be and adventuring game. That improves the player's pets which in turn improves the player's ability to explore the world. We want the pets stats to increase the player stats when the player goes out adventuring and we also want the pets to gain special abilities for the player to utilize, for example the ability to breath underwater.
The pets themselves are to be a focus point of entertainment themselves as we want an area where the player can interact with the pets in an non-combat environment and hopeful give them the same appeal as the Chao from the Sonic Adventure games

# The Town #
The town is hub world meant to connect every other aspect of the game this is where the player will be to buy item from store, enter the adventuring world area, and enter the pet garden to interact with them. the town is to be the center crossroads for all of the game connecting of the the games majors elements and will also have a verity of entry points to the adventuring areas of the games and provide a multitude of shop for different specific needs of the player.